[Typewriter clicking]
[Ding]
I was not
a good husband.
But I am a very good dad.
I've never actually seen
a "fuck you" finger that tiny.
Pretty cute, huh?
They're the best thing
I've ever done in my life.
What's all this business
about him calling me Betsy?
Ohh, I told him
not to do that.
No, I said it was
your mother's name,
and you'd hate it.
Heh! That's just like
giving him a gift, isn't it?
How old do you think
she is actually?
No one knows.
But I've got a friend
who did a pilot
with her
and William Shatner
back in the '80s.
Mmm, I know.
It's crazy, right?
That girl--
somewhere she's got
a painting of herself,
and it's looking like
all kinds of shit.
[Typewriter clicking]
[Ding]
[Gunshot]
[Typewriter clicking]
[Ding]
[Bell rings]
Everybody ready?
Camera rolling.
Pucks!  pilot--
14 Delta, take two.
And action!
She's just not
interested in you.
You don't know that.
Everyone knows that.
Tsk.
Look at her.
She's so hot.
Uh...I'm 12.
Should we be having
this conversation?
Shh! Coach Lyman, please.
[Whispering]
You see there?
The way she was touching
her lips with her finger?
And you're saying she's not
interested? Ho ho ho!
She was shushing you.
She's a librarian.
That's what they do.
That's not all they do.
Again...12.
Besides...
I think
she might be gay.
What? She's not--
Why would you--
What do you even know
about gay?
My dads are gay.
Jesus.
Both of them?
What are the odds
of that?
DIRECTOR: And cut!
That's great.
Let's go again.
Morning, this time,
can you make the shush
a little sexier?
Oh, I think
I can do that.
Did I mention
I hate this show?
I believe
it's come up.
That's mysterious.
What?
It's about Morning.
How old
she actually is.
Oh, dear God. Why are you
so obsessed with that?
I'm not obsessed.
It's just mad.
From everything
we've heard,
she was acting
in that play when
Lincoln was shot.
So? She looks great.
Who cares how old she is?
Right. You're not
the least bit curious?
No, I'm not.
[Scoffs]
SEAN: So?
No. You're not curious.
Oh, come on.
She's...old.
How old?
Old.
Ridiculously old.
She must've been made
in a lab.
Let me see.
No.
Oh, my God.
She's even older
than you.
You fucker.
That's what you're
thinking, isn't it?
Well...
of course it is.
Look at her.
I could be
her mother.
Only if you had her
very young.
Don't agree with me.
All right, fine. But you're much
more attractive than she is.
You are.
She's all plastic.
Those boobs.
Yuck.
Mm-hm.
I'm telling you--
I like the real thing.
Give me a woman
who looks her age.
Five years younger
than her age. Seven.
Ten. Ten years younger.
You're a fetus.
Walk away.
Just walk away.
It's--
Bullshit!
No, not bullshit.
Hey, Seanie!
Come here, you gotta
settle something for us.
Hey, look at you,
all spiffy.
Yeah, I got that
custody hearing today.
Oh, Jesus.
Good luck with that.
I'll be fine.
I'll just give the judge
a couple of
"how you doin's".
Hey, are we gonna
have catch phrases?
Catch phrases.
Oh, no, they're--
they're awfully cheesy.
Yeah? Tell that to
my house in Malibu.
Ha ha! So, what is it
you need settling?
Ah. OK, would you
please tell Morning
that she is not
a lesbian anymore.
Right.
You're not.
It doesn't really
affect the pilot,
but we decided
that if this thing goes,
Nicola should be straight.
No way.
It just kind of
gives us more room
for stories
with the two of you
down the road.
All right! My girl
likes the dick!
[Laughs]
What was that?
He can't high-five. I've tried.
I can high-five.
No.
Well, what can I say?
We're more...
firm handshake
kind of people.
Don't even try to
get him to fist-bump.
Oh, come on!
No.
Come on, come on.
No, I can't.
Seriously, I'll hurt you.
SEAN: Seriously.
MORNING: Yes, yes.
Your hand is
gonna meet my fist.
When I do it,
I look like I need--
No, you're cool.
SEAN: OK, all right.
We'll do it. I'm ready, OK?
And.
Hey!
Yes!
[Laughter]
MATT: Aww.
MORNING: Whoo! Good job!
[Laughs loudly]
Ohh!
What?
Nothing.
You have that look.
No look.
All right.
So...
when Morning was
hugging you today...
There we go.
Did she feel 25,
or could you sense
the withered crone
beneath?
Maybe you should
give her a hug.
I'm sure she'd prefer that
over your evil glare.
I don't have
an evil glare.
Oh, please.
You look at her
the way Cruella de Vil
looked at those puppies.
Not at all. Anyway,
I think it's nice
you've made a new
titsy friend.
She's obviously
quite fond of you.
She's an actress
who wants more lines.
Maybe she can
hug them out of you.
I'm not doing this.
I'm not blaming you.
She's gorgeous,
she's young.
She's not that young.
She's older than you.
That's why I didn't
want to do this!
All right, one more
question about her,
then I'll let it go.
If I were dead--
I'm not playing this game.
Please, one round.
[Telephone rings]
Oh, thank God.
[Ring]
Hello?
Hey, Betsy.
Is Seanie there?
Hello?
Hey, can you do me
a big favor?
Can you come
and pick me up?
What's going on?
Where are you?
Where is he?
Right. Oh, my God.
What? Oh, my God what?
I am so sorry.
What?
And he's just sitting
out there waiting?
Who?
Who's sitting where?
Where's Santa Clarita?
Why are you writing
that down?
You're not going
to Santa Clarita!
I'm leaving now.
You're going
to Santa Clarita.
Matt lost his
custody hearing.
Ohh, my God.
Oh, that was
your "Oh, my God".
Right.
Now he's at this bar
by the courthouse,
and there's some
paparazzi guy outside,
waiting for him
so he can take pictures
of Matt
driving home drunk.
He wants me
to pick him up.
Oh, I'm sorry
he lost his children.
But can't he take a cab?
Darling.
I know.
But it's 11 o'clock.
Doesn't he have any friends
he can call to pick him up?
I'm his friend.
I am!
You've known him
five minutes.
That doesn't matter.
There was bonding.
We bonded.
You bonded?
Excuse me. Of all
the people in the world,
who did he call
to come pick him up?
I know.
That makes me sad.
You're just jealous
because you haven't made
any friends out here.
That's not true.
All right, who?
Irene.
Who's Irene?
The girl who takes
our script notes.
Noreen.
Oh, who cares?
She can't spell,
and she nicks my mints.
She thinks I don't
see her, but I do.
Give her the evil glare.
Not me. Her.
Anyway,
my actual friend Matt
sounded really depressed,
and he wants my help,
so I'm going.
Fine, then I'm
coming with you.
Oh, no, you don't
have to do that.
I don't want you
to go alone.
Besides, you'll never
find this Santa Clarita
on your own.
I've got the
navigation thingy.
Uh, last week,
it sent us to Pasadena.
Yeah, we had fun.
But we didn't want
to go there.
G.P.S. VOICE: Your route
is being calculated.
Turn right
at the next exit.
We're still
in the driveway,
you lying
sack of shit!
Are you sure
this is the place?
Looks like it.
There's Matt's car.
And there's, uh...
Hello.
Hey!
Ohh! You brought her!
And suddenly
the hour to get here
seems totally worth it.
Ah, well, you're here.
Pull up a chair.
What are you guys
having?
Uh, well, no,
we're not--
I don't think we'll--
No, no. Hey,
don't look at her.
Look at me.
Come on, one drink.
One drink!
This place is great.
There's this guy
over there with
only one eye.
He was showing me.
He can go like this...
[Clicks tongue]
...and make the fake one
shoot across the room.
It's insane.
You gotta see it.
I thought you said
he was depressed.
It would really help me
if he was depressed.
Come on, one drink.
Betsy...
Be-e-etsy.
Beverly.
Look, we all have to be on set
by 7 o'clock tomorrow morning.
So, what do you say
we take a rain check
on the drinks...
and the...
shooting eyeball?
Awww! All right.
We just have
to figure out
how to get past
that prick outside.
How did he even
know you were here?
I don't know
how he does it.
That guy is,
like, my nemesis.
Heh. You have
a nemesis?
Why can't I have
I usually get along
good with those guys.
But that one--whew!
About 10, 12 years ago,
I was coming out
of some club,
I was totally
hammered.
Really?
What must that be like?
Or you could wait
in the car.
Anyway, he got
all in my face
and started
saying stuff,
and I ended up
smashing his camera.
And, uh, his head
may have been involved
in the smashing.
Oh, my God.
Ever since then,
if any kind of shit
happens to me,
that guy's there,
just waiting.
I don't know
how he does it.
It's like
I'm Captain Hook,
and he's the crocodile
following me with
the ticking clock.
[Laughs]
What?
Nothing.
I just don't expect you
to come out with
the Peter Pan  references.
Oh, yeah, I'm fuckin'
full of whimsy!
Also, as a kid, I did
three years on Broadway
as one of the Lost Boys
in Peter Pan,  with...
Sandy Duncan.
You did not!
Did you get to fly?
I flew!
Oh! Ho ho! Why does that
make me so happy?
Hey! Sandy's only got
one eye, too!
It's crazy one-eye day!
If only Sammy Davis, Jr.
were here!
How awesome
would that be?
Right, so...
us leaving.
OK, how about Matt
slips out the back door
and gets into our car,
and we try and distract
the crocodile?
Distract him how?
I don't know.
We'll ask him
to take our picture.
Oh, no, no.
I look like shit.
What'd she say?
She said she looked
like shit.
I'm sorry, I didn't--
What are you doing?
Are you wearing
your pajamas?
I didn't realize we'd be
going somewhere this elegant.
Can we please...
Fine, all right,
let's do this thing.
Wow. Eurgh.
My liver hurts
from that.
SEAN: Excuse me. Hello.
Gentleman with the camera.
Would you mind very much
coming over here
and taking our picture?
What?
I just proposed to
my girlfriend here,
and it would mean
everything to us
to have a memento
of the occasion.
You proposed
just now?
I know.
Can you believe it?
In this horrible bar,
in this awful
neighborhood.
I so didn't
see it coming.
I wanted to throw her
off the scent.
Oh, was I thrown.
What do you say?
Just one picture?
Oh!
I don't--
Oh, please.
We'll pay anything. $100.
200. 300.
100?
Yeah, anything. 100.
I guess I could
mail it to you.
Great!
That'd be brilliant.
Just so I'll
never forget this
magical night.
OK, stand right there.
[Snapping photos]
Psst!
Which one's your car?
[Snapping rapidly]
Ohh, fuck!
Well, at least
he didn't get
any pictures
of you driving
drunk.
Fucking paparazzi.
What kind of kid says,
"When I grow up,
"I want to be
a scumbag asshole
"with a camera,
who just sits around,
"hoping to catch
some celebrity
hitting their nanny,
"or getting a blowjob
from a tranny hooker"?
Maybe if the celebrities
didn't hit their nannies
or get tranny hooker
blow jobs,
then the scumbag arseholes
would be out of a job.
Why is she here?
No.
It's a convertible.
No!
G.P.S. VOICE: Turn right
at the next exit.
Route 134 east.
We're nowhere near the 134.
It's broken.
So, turn it off.
We don't know how.
So far, I'm not
having fun in this car.
Just stay on this
till we get to Sunset
and, uh, I'll tell you
where to go from there.
I'm sorry about
the custody business.
Yeah.
Such bullshit.
What happened?
I got fucked,
is what happened.
I see.
We had this rule
that I wouldn't have
girls over to the house
if the kids
were there.
Also, the nanny
had to be there
whenever they were,
blah, blah, blah.
Whatever.
Anyway, one night,
they were asleep--
they were asleep!
And--
I don't know.
You had a girl over?
No. I didn't
even do that.
The nanny?
She was already
in the house!
That shouldn't
count!
G.P.S. VOICE: Turn next left
onto the bridge.
That thing's an idiot.
No!
Oh, shit. Right.
So, anyway...
one of the boys woke up
and walked in on us.
Oh, my God!
He didn't see anything...
much.
But he told Diane.
And she went nuts.
It was a whole thing.
And Diane is your...
Ex-wife!
Sorry. I haven't seen
this show before.
So, then her
rat-faced lawyer
brings it up
in court today.
Now I only get
to see my kids
every other weekend.
Every other weekend,
just for screwing
the nanny?
She's not even
that hot!
Did you mention that
in court?
'Cause it's a really
good argument.
You think they should've
taken my kids away?
No.
I just think you might've
contained your libido
long enough
till your children
were out of the house.
At least
I have a libido.
Ow. Ow.
All right, all right.
Ooh. Ow. Ow.
I only
screwed her once.
[Laughs] You only
got caught once.
Clearly you have
enough of a compulsion
that your wife had to
make rules about it.
I don't have a compulsion.
No, of course not.
It was an informed decision
to shag the nanny,
a brilliant plan that could
only end well, obviously.
Hey, you know what?
All right, all right,
that's enough!
One more word
out of either of you
and I'm gonna turn
this car around.
And go where? Back to the bar?
God help us.
I'd go back to the bar.
We're not going
back to the bar.
Who made you the boss
of everything?
SEAN: Oh, bloody hell.
[All arguing]
MATT: Wait, slow down.
That's it there--
right there.
Oh.
See you tomorrow.
You're welcome.
Well, at least
he sobered up.
What's he doing?
[Dog barking]
Are you sure
this is his house?
I don't know.
Doesn't he live
in Malibu?
Yeah.
[Banging on door]
Well, I'm no shitty
navigation system,
but this isn't Malibu.
Maybe Malibu's
just for weekends,
and he lives
somewhere else.
Does he?
I don't know.
You really are
good friends.
Er, Matt, did you
lose your key?
Is this even
your house?
I paid for it.
Oh, Jesus.
I want to see
the boys.
You know
what time it is?
How drunk are you?
I'm fine.
Yeah, right.
I am!
Fine, like you were
at Donna's christening?
I was at Donna's
christening?
You called her
a little fat fuck.
Well...
have you seen her?
Ohh, God, you are
so hammered.
Hope you didn't
drive here.
Uh, no,
that was us.
We're so sorry.
He told us this was
his house.
Like fools,
we believed him.
You're fancy.
MATT:
Tell me about it.
This is Diane.
This is Sean
and Betsy.
Beverly.
Betsy.
It's Beverly.
Who the fuck cares?
DIANE: I'm going back to bed.
You, I'll see
next weekend.
No, wait. I--
I really want
to see them now.
[Sighs] You heard
what the judge said.
Yeah, I heard
what he said.
But come on.
You won today.
Just give me this.
They're asleep.
I'm not gonna
wake them.
I promise. I just
want to look at them.
I need that tonight.
OK?
Come on.
Just once,
don't be a cunt?
All right.
Just this once.
MATT: Thanks.
If you wake them,
I'll break your
fuckin' arms.
Come see my boys.
If we're ever at
some sort of impasse,
and you want
to win me over,
I would avoid
using the phrase,
"Just once,
don't be a cunt."
I think I knew that.
Aren't they gorgeous?
They really are.
I like
the small one.
The big one--
ehh.
I thought that
might be a moment
for a little
humor.
Clearly not.
What are their
names again?
The older one's
Aiden.
The little monster
is Michael.
You see that trophy?
Aiden just won his
school talent contest.
The whole school.
Wow.
Yeah.
He does this thing
where he stacks cups.
Cups?
I know, it sounds stupid.
But you should see him do it.
He's so fast,
the cups are like
a fuckin' blur.
And he won
over everyone
in the school?
Yeah.
Also, the other kids--
not so talented.
Jesus.
What?
Every other weekend?
I'm such an asshole.
Hmm.
Diane seems nice.
I can really see
you two as a couple.
You trying to make me
more depressed?
Sorry.
It was great to
finally see the boys.
Yeah, they're
even more fun
when they're awake.
Well, they're
definitely cuties.
Sure.
Now I gotta go home and
look at their empty rooms.
Christ.
The house gets
so fuckin' quiet.
Why don't you stay
at our place tonight?
Seriously?
You mean that?
Apparently so.
OK.
Well, who saw
that coming?
Hey.
I just want to say,
you know...
thanks.
Not--Not just for
the room, but...
for coming out
to get me tonight.
Oh, well...
you're welcome.
Hello. Just her?
What about me?
Ahh. Heh.
I knew you'd come.
But I wasn't
expecting...
Beverly.
Blurgh!
Uhh.
Ohh.
Oh, sorry.
[Sighs]
[Snoring]
Oh, they grow up
so fast.
SEAN: That was a nice thing
you did there.
I know.
I think he really
appreciated it.
He vomited on me.
Just a little.
Well, I'm just happy
he got to see
how generous...
and wonderful...
and sexy...
[Laughs]
I repeat--
vomited on me.
Yeah, well, maybe not
the last part.
I think this will really
make the difference
between the two of you.
That'd be nice.
[Moans]
I'm so tired.
Hmm.
I could fall asleep
right here.
Maybe a quick
shower first.
The vomit?
Mm-hm.
Mm.
[Clears throat]
Morning.
Hey, Betsy.
Do you want some tea?
Ugh. No.
Any coffee?
Sorry, no. Just tea.
Seriously? No coffee?
No.
In the whole house?
No coffee?
No.
Wow.
It's not like Colombia
not having coffee.
Morning, Florinda.
Morning, miss.
[Gasps]
Joey!
Uh, hey. Hola.
Dios mío.
Eres tú.  Ohh!
How you doin', eh?
Heh. Good one,
good one.
¿Esa es un dolor de cabeza?
Ohh. Un gran
dolor de cabeza.
Es imposible.
Florinda has esto,
Florinda has lo otro.
Ooh. ¿Recuerdo, eh?
Sí, claro, claro.
[Both laughing]
What? What did you
just say?
Nothing.
Just, uh...good morning.
Hello, all.
Hey.
What, did something
happen already?
SEAN: And we're off.
Let the awkward
silence begin.
I thought that would
break the tension,
but clearly it just...
shines a light on it.
Hey.
BOTH: Hmm.
Oh.
Heh.
This is Kendra.
Hi.
Hello.
Heh.
I woke up in the
middle of the night,
totally awake.
You guys
were out cold.
This one snores,
by the way.
You were in our room?
I was really bored.
Anyways,
I called Kendra.
That's not
compulsive at all.
KENDRA: Is there
any coffee?
No. Just tea.
Eww.
So, how do you guys
know Matt?
We're making
a TV pilot with him.
Cool.
And you?
We met at Jamba Juice.
Jamba Juice?
Jamba Juice.
No? Jamba Juice?
Please make them stop
saying "Jamba Juice".
I assume it's some
sort of juice place.
Right. I can't believe
you guys have never
heard of Jamba Juice.
Not until
the last 15 times.
Anyway--What was I
talking about?
Nothing.
Oh. I know.
So, I was getting
one of those
antioxidant smoothies
with a whey protein
super-boost,
and this guy walks in
and hears me ordering,
and he's, like,
"Uh, gross."
And I'm, like,
"Uh, have you even
tried it?"
And he goes,
"I don't need
to try it."
So I say, "Uh, hello?
I think you do."
Anyway, I made him
taste it,
and, before you know it--
blah, blah, blah,
thank you very much--
someone's got
a new favorite drink.
[Smacking lips]
We fuck
once in a while.
Right. I think
we should be
getting to
the studio.
Darling, you
should get ready.
Matt, pants.
And, Kendra, it was
very nice meeting you.
Oh. You, too.
Let's get on
with the day.
Uh...has anyone
seen my dog?
KENDRA: Hmm.